This bottle is actually transparent
How is that possible?
Zhang Aiqing
You've seen a lot.
Have you ever seen such a crystal clear bottle?
Wang Xuan
What kind of wine is this?
This is Erguotou of Hearts
Ask the emperor to stop drinking
Erguotou
Where can the name be so ugly and delicious?
Is there water in it?
Does the water emperor eat one grade?
If I exaggerate
I couldn't dismember the body immediately
Wow
What a strong aroma of wine!
sun protection
Can you let Lao Chen taste it first?
Okay, please contact Zhang Aiqing first
Uncle Zhang, how is this wine?
Uncle Zhang
Not good, Mr. Zhang is poisoned
Wang Xu, how dare you poison the wine?
Somebody take him down for me